# Criterion A: Planning
## Problem Definition:
### My client is Bread and Bakes, a local student-led business in the ISAK community that makes different kinds of bread which they later sell to the student population. Bread has an optimum humidity and temperature for proofing and baking. This is around 75% humidity levels as well as 22 - 25 degrees celsius for proofing. Due to the decrease of humidity and temperature in Karuizawa during fall, the owners of Bread and Bakes have hired our team to monitor the temperature of the apartment. By measuring the humidity and temperature levels in different houses, R3 and R2, they hope to find the best place to allow their bread to rise, consequently hoping for an increase in business. 
## Proposed Solution:
### Considering the client requirements an adequate solution includes a low cost sensing device for humidity and temperature and a custom data script that processes and analyzes the samples acquired. For a low cost sensing device an adequate alternative is the DHT11 sensor1 which is offered online for less than 5 USD and provides adequate precision and range for the client requirements (Temperature Range: 0°C to 50°C, Humidity Range: 20% to 90%). Similar devices such as the DHT22, AHT20 or the AM2301B 2 have higher specifications, however the DHT11 uses a simple serial communication (SPI) rather than more elaborated protocols such as the I2C used by the alternatives. For the range, precision and accuracy required in this application the DHT11 provides the best compromise. Connecting the DHT11 sensor to a computer requires a device that provides a Serial Port communication. A cheap and often used alternative for prototyping is the Arduino UNO microcontroller 3. "Arduino is an open-source electronics platform based on easy-to-use hardware and software"4. In addition to the low cost of the Arduino (< 6USD), this device is programmable and expandable1. I considered alternatives such as different versions of the original Arduino but their size and price make them a less adequate solution.
### Considering the budgetary constraints of the client and the hardware requirements, the software tool that I proposed for this solution is Python. Python's open-source nature and platform independence contribute to the long-term viability of the system. The use of Python simplifies potential future enhancements or modifications, allowing for seamless scalability without the need for extensive redevelopment 56. In comparison to the alternative C or C++, which share similar features, Python is a High level programming language (HLL) with high abstraction 7. For example, memory management is automatic in Python whereas it is the responsibility of the C/C++ developer to allocate and free up memory 7, this could result in faster applications but also memory problems. In addition, a HLL language will allow me and future developers to extend the solution or solve issues promptly.
### In order to represent our data visually to our client, we will be creating a poster that communicates our findings effectively. 

# Criterion B: Solution Overview
## Test Plan:
### 
